Problem 1

Write your code in the file PigLatin.java. Write your test cases in assign4-testcases.txt.
"Pig Latin" is a fake language used as a children's game. A word in English is "translated" into Pig Latin using the following rules:
•  If the English word begins with a consonant, move the consonant to the end of the word and add "ay". The letter Y should be considered a consonant.
•  If the English word begins with a vowel (A, E, I, O, or U), simply add "way" to the end of the word.
(This is a simplified dialect of Pig Latin, of course.)
Ask the user for a word (one string) and output its Pig Latin translation (one string). You may assume that the input does not contain digits, punctuation, or spaces. The input may be in any combination of uppercase or lowercase. The case of your output does not matter. Use IO.outputStringAnswer() to output.


Problem 2

Write your code in the file WordCount.java. Write your test cases in assign4-testcases.txt.
Write a program that takes a string containing a sentence or a set of sentences, and counts the number of words in the sentence that meet or exceed a specified minimum length (in letters). For example, if the minimum length entered is 4, your program should only count words that are at least 4 letters long.
Input the string and the minimum word length (integer), in that order, and output the word count (integer). Words will be separated by one or more spaces. Non-letter characters (spaces, punctuation, digits, etc.) may be present, but should not count towards the length of words.
Hint: write a method that counts the number of letters (and ignores punctuation) in a string that holds a single word without spaces. In your main program, break the input string up into words and send each one to your method.


Problem 3

Write your code in the file Compress.java. Write your test cases in assign4-testcases.txt.
Run-length encoding (RLE) is a simple "compression algorithm" (an algorithm which takes a block of data and reduces its size, producing a block that contains the same information in less space). It works by replacing repetitive sequences of identical data items with short "tokens" that represent entire sequences. Applying RLE to a string involves finding sequences in the string where the same character repeats. Each such sequence should be replaced by a "token" consisting of:
1. the number of characters in the sequence
2. the repeating character
If a character does not repeat, it should be left alone.
For example, consider the following string:
qwwwwwwwwweeeeerrtyyyyyqqqqwEErTTT
After applying the RLE algorithm, this string is converted into:
q9w5e2rt5y4qw2Er3T
In the compressed string, "9w" represents a sequence of 9 consecutive lowercase "w" characters. "5e" represents 5 consecutive lowercase "e" characters, etc.
Write a program that takes a string as input, compresses it using RLE, and outputs the compressed string. Case matters - uppercase and lowercase characters should be considered distinct. You may assume that there are no digit characters in the input string. There are no other restrictions on the input - it may contain spaces or punctuation. There is no need to treat non-letter characters any differently from letters.
